# Lanka Data Foundation.

## Contributor License Agreement ("Contribution Agreement")

Thank you for your interest in the open source products made available by Lanka Data Foundation (“LDF”). In order to clarify the intellectual property license granted with Contributions by each person or entity, LDF must have a Contributor Agreement on file that has been accepted by each Contributor, indicating agreement to the license terms below. This Contribution Agreement is for your protection as a Contributor as well as the protection of LDF; it does not change your rights to use your own Contributions for any other purpose. This version of the Contributor Agreement allows You to submit Contributions to LDF, and to grant copyright and patent licenses thereto.

You accept and agree to the following terms and conditions for Your present and future Contributions submitted to LDF. In return, LDF may use Your Contributions in its products. Except for the license granted herein to LDF, You reserve all right, title, and interest in and to Your Contributions.

    1. Definitions.

        1. “Contribution” shall mean the code, documentation or other original works of authorship, including any modifications or additions to an existing work, that is intentionally submitted by You to LDF, now or in the future, for inclusion in, or documentation of, any of the Works. For the purposes of this definition, “submitted” means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to LDF or its representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, LDF for the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution".
        2. “Copyright” shall mean all copyrights, and all right, title and interest in all copyrights, copyright registrations and applications for copyright registration, certificates of copyright and copyrighted interests throughout the world, and all right, title, and interest in related applications and registrations throughout the world, now or hereafter existing.
        3. “Patent” shall mean all classes or types of patents (including, without limitation, originals, divisions, continuations, continuations-in-part, extensions or reissues), and applications for these classes or types of patent rights in all countries of the world that are owned or controlled by You or to which You have the right to grant licenses, to the extent that You have the right to grant licenses within and of the scope set forth herein and without the requirement to pay consideration to any third party for the grant of a license under this Contribution Agreement.
        4. “Work” shall mean any product or service of LDF or any of its successors.
        5. “You” (or “Your”) shall mean the copyright owner or the legal entity authorized by the copyright owner that is entering into this Agreement with LDF, either electronically or on paper.

    2. Grant of Copyright License. You hereby grant to LDF a perpetual, worldwide, non- exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable Copyright license to reproduce, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, and distribute, with the right to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees Your Contributions

    3. Grant of Patent License. You hereby grant to LDF a perpetual, worldwide, non- exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) license, with the right to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees, under Your Patents to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise transfer the Work, that are necessarily infringed by Your Contribution(s) alone or by combination of Your Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If any entity institutes patent litigation against You or any other entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that your Contribution, or the Work to which you have contributed, constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted to that entity under this Contribution Agreement for that Contribution or Work shall terminate as of the date such litigation is filed.

    4. Ability to Grant License. You represent that You are legally entitled to grant the above licenses specified in Sections 2 and 3. If your employer(s) has rights to intellectual property that You create that includes your Contributions, You represent that You have received permission to make Contributions on behalf of that employer, that your employer has waived such rights for your Contributions to LDF, or that your employer has executed a separate Contribution Agreement with LDF.

    5. Original Creation. You represent that, except as disclosed in Your Contribution submission(s), each of Your Contributions is your original creation. You represent that Your Contribution submission(s) include complete details of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, copyrights and trademarks) associated with any part of Your Contribution(s) (including a copy of any applicable license agreement). You agree to promptly notify in writing LDF of any facts or circumstances of which you become aware that would make your representations in this Contribution Agreement inaccurate in any respect.

    6. Warranty. You are not expected to provide support for Your Contributions, except to the extent You desire to provide support. You may provide support for free, for a fee, or not at all. The Work is provided to You AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND AND LDF DISCLAIMS THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

    7. Separate Contribution. Should You wish to submit work that is not Your original creation, You may submit it to LDF separately from any Contribution, identifying the complete details of its source and of any license or other restriction (including, but not limited to, related patents, trademarks, and license agreements) of which you are personally aware, and conspicuously marking the work as "Submitted on behalf of a third-party: [named here]".

    8. Limitation of Liability. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO ANYONE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS, EVEN IF THE USER HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR LDF HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY CLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY.

    9. Miscellaneous. This Contributor Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within California between California residents and by the laws of the United States. You agree that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (1980) is hereby excluded in its entirety from application to this Contributor Agreement. In the event of invalidity of any provision of this Contributor Agreement, the parties agree that such invalidity shall not affect the validity of the remaining portions of this Contributor Agreement. This Contributor Agreement is the entire agreement between You and LDF relating to the subject matter of this Contributor Agreement which supersedes any prior agreement, whether written or oral, and may be amended only by a writing signed by both parties. This Contributor Agreement can be assigned by either party